***children prop***: a prop that every react component receives. It contains any JSX that is located between the opening and closing tags of the component. If there is nothing between these tags it is empty. It can be destructured or referenced by dot notation like any other prop. Children is a concept of composition.
***JSX****: JavaScript Syntax eXtension. HTML like markup that is used to compose components. Used in the return statement of a component either directly or as content of a variable. It is not standard and can not be rendered by the browser but rather must be transformed as part of a build process that produced native JS. It can be mixed with some standard JS such as array higher order functions and ternaries, boolean conditionals in order to produce conditional content depending on state.
***Prop Forwarding***: A technique used on wrapper components which uses the rest operator in the prop destructure to group props into an object which can then be spread back out in the attributes of a JSX element. Useful for passing attributes such as ID and className to wrapper components without having to specify them in the receiving component but ensuring they will be applied to the element. 
***Component Slots***: slots are a way of passing parts of components defined in JSX to another component which then composes the parts in a predefined design, for example it might put the header prop JSX in the header and the footer prop JSX in the footer. The prop can be output like any other using {curlyBraces}